Hey, good morning family. Thank you for
joining me today. Praise the Lord. Well,
I've seen a lot today.
Just like I always do, I take communion
and I drive around and pray in the
spirit.
I passed the fire station on my
right, and as I passed
it,
I heard
'911,
911.'I
saw the emergency responders
responding to an emergency: major
turbulence ahead. I looked at the
fire station and I thought, 'Lord,
what's going on?'All of a sudden,
I went into deep groaning and travail in
the spirit,
praying in the spirit.
The Lord started to speak to
me very strongly.
He
started showing me a
Pearl Harbor
event as we see in the days
ahead. China is
becoming
desperate, and North
Korea is becoming desperate, wanting
out from underneath the Western boot.
I saw North
Korea—because
they are the social
pariah—becoming
the person rising up to
become the bully. Does that make sense?
It's
like
the head mafia guy who has
his little thugs underneath him that do
the bidding for the head
mafia leader. Like the
Godfather, and then the Godfather has
henchmen.
He has the guys underneath him
that carry out the bad things.
China was the Godfather, and North
Korea was the
hitman. That's what I was
seeing; it's the only way I can
describe
what I saw. I saw North Korea
being the pawn because of
the political side of China
having its fingers in all the
different countries. They didn't want to
be looked at as the bad guy for what's
about to take place. But I kept hearing
when I was praying, 'Remember Pearl
Harbor. Remember Pearl
Harbor.'I
said, 'Lord, I
know that Japan was with Pearl Harbor
and all that.'And He said, 'This will
be a type and shadow in the days ahead.
Remember
this.'As
I was interceding, the Lord was
showing me even deeper
into the Asian culture as a
whole. They think differently than the
Western
culture. Do you know what I'm saying?
That's the only way I can
describe this to you. It's
kind of like how the African American culture
thinks differently than the white
American culture. Does that make sense?
Everybody thinks it's
just culture, but I saw in this the
Asians sticking with their culture,
trying to preserve what they believe and
their
family ties.
It's a very Asian thing.
I saw China being backed
into
a hole, and I saw a great
depression, a financial infrastructure
crumbling. As this happened, they
didn't want to lose their
'Asianness,'their
culture,
or
what they believed
in. So they were in a place like a
samurai warrior ready to
turn its sword on itself. You
want to die with honor;
you don't want to die
looking disgraceful.
That's the way it seemed.
They were banding
together as Asian
cultures—North
Korea trying to bring in
South Korea in these demonic
spirits, trying to bring in
Vietnam and the
Philippines, all
coming
together to combat the Western culture.
This was part of the vision
that I was
seeing. I kept hearing 'Pearl
Harbor'echoing
in the spirit,
a retaliation.
Then the Lord showed
me
Canada. I started praying for Canada,
and the Lord showed me the
scales.
They have been weighed and
found lacking because of the
way the people voted. Not all
Canadians voted this way. Let me say
this very clearly: not all Canadians
voted this way, but the majority... I told
you all, the Lord said, 'Pray that it's
too big to
rig.'But
the
majority were for going left, into
darkness—not
conservative, but for
darkness. Because of this decision,
there was a scale that was tipped in the
spirit realm.
(That was real thunder as I say this.)
Wow, Lord, I hear you.
This is so serious. I saw the
balance of the
scales, and because of the decisions that
were made to go the ungodly way with sexual
perversion, laws, and things that would
be put into
place, I
saw: 'You want this, you can have
it.'I
saw a new type of
STD, a new venereal disease that had
never been seen before, which is very
gross. This is what I
saw coming through certain
practices. Because I know I have
children watching me,
I'm trying to be careful how I say
this because I have pure ears listening.
Certain practices are
ungodly. Because of these ungodly
acts and the reprobate mind
wanting to go this way, the scales in
the spirit realm were weighed and
found lacking. This goes for
America also. I saw it up by
Quebec, and it infiltrated into New York,
Boston, and these major
cities—a
new venereal disease that has never been
known before, worse than the AIDS
virus. Do you understand what I'm trying
to say? This is a new virus
coming onto the scene.
I
saw
judgment begin even in
Japan concerning the
trafficking coming up from Mexico. And I
saw, because of touching the children
and
the young
people, this venereal disease will make
them
eunuchs
because of the
infection. I saw so much
infection that they have to do something
because there's no cure for it. It's a new
type of virus, a very serious virus
that is transmitted
through...
This is very serious.
I
saw such a
darkness, and the anger of the Lord was
so strong. I thought I was going to
vibrate out of my car as He spoke. The
anger was like the thunder
above my heavens right now. It was that
loud, as I hear the rain and the
hail.
It was very strong—the rebuke and
the warning coming from the
Father. He told me, 'Because of these
things that you are seeing,
decisions have been
made.'Decisions
have been made, and you
will see a judgment coming on
these
circumstances because of sexual
promiscuity.
I know I probably butchered it,
but I try with my English.
This is what I
saw. Then I saw a
mega-earthquake
from British
Columbia all the way down to San
Francisco.
It was an earthquake so massive
and
devastating on the
West Coast that it shook the foundation
of the earth. I heard the
Spirit of the Lord say, 'This earthquake
will be so violent and powerful that
it will be off all the Richter
scales.'A seismic
wave will go and be felt
clear into Africa and all around the world.
They will feel
the seismic
earthquake all throughout the countries
and
all throughout the whole world.
It will pick up
and
be so strong that what is about to take place on the West Coast will be felt
all throughout the world.
I saw buildings fall. I saw major
skyscrapers falling in
British Columbia, all along
the seaboard—I
saw them fall into the
water. I saw massive destruction. And I
heard the number:
50,000 people will perish from
city to city.
50,000. I saw such a great shaking going
through Portland, Oregon
and
through Seattle. I saw
that
because of the reprobate
mind, the cup of sin is full. You
say, 'Well, what about grace?'But the
Lord said, 'Brandon, there is a holding
back right
now, for the Great Tribulation is trying
to kick off. Do you understand? But I'm
giving one last call to leave the ninety-nine and
go after the one. And there will be a
great harvest of souls, Brandon, for you
are My great
harvesters.'He
saved the best for last, ladies
and gentlemen—the ones who are on fire
and seeking Him right
now.
I felt the Father's
heart concerning this: the concern
and the longing for the
children He
knows are just on the edge of
making the best decision they could
ever make. He is going after
them. He knows the hearts that are so
hardened they are not ready versus the
ones that are just teetering. They
are
right there, and He's just like,
"If I could just get one second with
them underneath the glory, I know they
would change and they wouldn't perish
for
eternity."I
saw the Earth as a whole, and the Lord
warned me,
"The Great
Tribulation is at hand, Brandon.
This is worse than what anyone in any
generation could
ever
comprehend. For this is the cup of
wrath, worse than it was on Sodom
and Gomorrah, and worse than
ancient Rome when it was judged, when
all these major civilizations were
judged. This is worse because the cup of
sin is full."He said,
"It's not just one nation, Brandon. This
is a worldwide
corruption."It
was so dirty when I saw it.
I could see Jesus's blood on the
altar, and the blood was crying out for
people to repent and turn
from their wicked
ways, to humble themselves and repent.
But many
people are still walking in a "soupy
grace,"thinking,
"I live the way I want to.
Jesus forgives it all. I'm going to
live like a heathen
and
live like the world because Jesus
covers it. Once saved, always saved,
brother."They
want
to
live like a hellion and believe
they're going to make it because
they've tried to live a compromising
lifestyle, seeking after righteousness and holiness while living
in
bars
and
clubs, then
saying,
"Oh, I
repent. I don't need to go to
church; I
am the church. I don't have to
support the
congregation."I
understand if you don't have a church
in your local area because
of
the
"knuckleheads"there
and you watch on
YouTube—I
used to have to
do that when my daughter was first diagnosed
with autism.
But I'm talking about those
who
willingly have no excuse and
say,
"I'd
rather go to the beach.
God
isn't
convenient for me.
Jesus isn't
convenient. I like living the way I want
to
live."Woe
unto you
for the
shaking that's about to take
place. I saw a great shaking of
earthquakes. We
are in a time of
metamorphosis. A great acceleration is
on the land. Just as a caterpillar is
changed in the cocoon, there
will
be great
change. I have
a great outcry
inside myself to warn you:
get your heart right before the
Lord Jesus Christ before it's too late.
Many will go to
sleep one night and
won't wake up the
next day.
I saw judgment beginning in the house of
the Lord first.
I saw
many politicians
doing bad things
with
trafficking;
they
will not be here anymore. You're going to see big businessmen
and celebrities who were once here suddenly gone.
Judgment's coming.
The cup of sin is full.
Many say,
"Brandon, I don't believe all
that."Watch.
You touched the children, and God's
anger is upon this.
The
decisions made even in
Canada—the
thunders were rolling above.
The Lord told me, "Brandon,
this is no more. I watch the hearts,
and
the majority
are corrupt before
Me."I
saw a shaking of the
economies and the land
with
great earthquakes
and
devastation.
You need to hear
me: a new venereal disease is
coming, and it is
nasty.
They
will not know how to deal with it,
similar to HIV.
It will be all over the news
with
boils
and
pus. It's
awful because you've touched what is
unholy through bestiality.
These
things were tied to
goats
and
animals
in the Middle East.
It's
disgusting. But
because of a reprobate mind and
sexual
perversion, it opened the door for this
new virus.
If you're practicing this
stuff, you better
repent. It will come on you and there
is
no cure; it will
eventually kill you in
a
very painful
way
because you opened the door through
these
practices, like
LGBTQ and
all this other stuff.
Many will be angry,
but you're part
of the
problem.
As a
watchman, I
tell
you: there's a Pearl Harbor experience
coming in
retaliation, like
a dog backed into a
corner. We must pray for a three-month
window. I saw a three-month window of no supplies.
Again, the Lord warned me
about this.
There's a remnant
that has kept this from totally taking
over—those
who
pray
daily
and turn from their wicked
ways. He said, "Brandon, you're my
beloved."He
loves us so much and said there
is
great joy,
acceleration, and
growth for you.
Jesus loves you.
Judgment
is beginning.
It's not far off;
it was
shaking like
thunder in the
spirit realm,
coming up through California.
And going to Japan, which I don't
understand. I kept seeing Japan.
What is this about Japan?
Businessmen. It was
disgusting. The Lord said, "This will be
known as the earthquake heard around the
world."I
don't know if that's headlines
in the newspaper, on the news, or on
the internet, but this will be known as
the earthquake heard around the world.
Remember, I've seen major cyber
attacks coming. I
don't know exactly when,
but
it was during the summer months.
I don't know if it's this summer or next
summer. So, don't say, "Well, nothing
happened this summer."If nothing
happened—I
see in part, hear in
part. I don't know; I can't pinpoint
when. I've been trying, and it's only by
me pressing in harder and harder. It
takes me time praying. What I've gotten
today is from spending time at his throne. I
don't spend time with him to get
something; I spend time with him because
I want to know his
heart. I want to know him. I let you
into a lot of private things about
us. Is it really
necessary? I don't know. I just try to
be real with you all because I want you
to know I'm just human, just like you.
I've got stuff I'm believing for,
just like you are. We're still believing
for a lot of things. We're still
believing for my daughter's healing.
We're still believing for what God
has called us to do on a deeper level.
Do you know everybody is a work in
progress? Every one of us. Every one of
us has something you're believing
for. God is no respecter of persons,
and what he'll do for one, he'll do for
another. But he is a respecter of
faith. And he is a holy God.
The more I seek him and the more I
spend at his feet, the more I realize
how holy he truly is.
And—I'm
going to be real with you—he is
scary. He is a mighty God. I don't
say scary as in, "Oh no, he's
evil."I'm
saying scary because he is holy and he
is a righteous God, and he is the "I Am
that I Am."He's an all-consuming fire.
People are so
blinded—blinded
by their own lust and
desires. Like I said, a reprobate mind.
"Turning them over to a reprobate
mind"is
what the word says. Out of your own
desires and your own lust, you
think, "Well, it's okay."Your heart has
become so hardened to what God has told
you to do, and yet you think you're on
the right side and you don't even
realize who you are anymore. I saw them
in secret meetings again. I saw them in
meetings, talking and
whispering whispers of how to overcome
Western
culture. They were all whispering
together. That means it was secret; they
didn't want it to be let out—the plans
they have to try
to come out from underneath what they're
going through right
now. But remember what I told you in
prayer two nights ago when I was
wearing the black
shirt. I saw a window—a
curtain—because
of the pressure of finances and an
uprising of the people: a window of
opportunity to go into that Iron Curtain
and preach the gospel and get a
harvest of souls. And it went into North
Korea because little Kimmy was
removed. He was removed, and his sister.
I saw them being removed like
Pharaoh. It was giving God time to
minister through angelic encounters even
more so to the North Korean
people. I don't know if there'll be
actual missionaries that go in there
through translation, like
it talks about in the Bible, or
if there'll be angelic
ministers coming down. When the Bible
says we entertain angels
unaware, I don't know.
It's just me assuming. All I know
is I saw angelic visitation to the North
Koreans. I saw angel armies coming to
protect and help
them on a scale beyond anybody's
comprehension. Millions of angels were
coming. I saw a window of
opportunity that even North Korea will
be reached.
China—in
the depth, in the heart of
China—many
people will hear the gospel.
There's a great shaking coming,
folks—a
great shaking to
awaken. I pray this video blessed you
today. I know it's a heavy one, but
I tell you what I see. Let's take
communion together and go before the
Lord
boldly. Let's repent of our sins and
turn from our wicked ways. Let's
believe God that he'll heal our land
today, that a great financial harvest is
coming so we can reach the lost for
Jesus. Great days of fun. Brandon said,
"What are the days of fun?"Days of fun.
When you see people healed, that's
fun to me. He knows what he's saying when he's
talking to me, saying, "Brandon, great
days of fun."He knows. I know. We
know what he's talking
about when he says that stuff to
me because I believe raising the dead
is going to be fun. Casting out devils
is fun. Healing the—laying hands on the
sick and seeing them recover—is fun. Arms
growing out, eyes coming back, ears
opening that were deaf, eyes coming open
is fun. When you see the
people that were held captive for
years finally get their
victory, that's fun. You think, "Well, I
think having a billion dollars in the
bank is fun."Your idea of fun and
my idea of fun are two totally different
things. I'm not even—fun in
the sun? Are you kidding? I'm talking
about fun in the glory of the
Son.
People want to know
and email, "Are you talking about fun to
be able to spend what we want and have
jets?"No.
Fun is laying
hands on the sick and seeing them
recover. Somebody who has no teeth
or hair
getting teeth instantaneously? Folks,
that's
fun. That makes me want to run around
the house right now thinking about it.
Arms growing out—do you understand?
Somebody who needs a brand new
heart, God gives them a brand new heart
and they're running around the building.
That's fun. Days of great fun. I need to
clarify to you: what is fun to me
probably is not going to be fun to a lot
of people. But I know what the Lord
is saying. "Brandon, great fun's
coming,"because
he knows where my heart's at. He
knows what I look forward to. The
glory—the
glory cloud, glory dust,
whatever it may be—angel feathers, I
don't know. I'm just like, "Show me
something cool from the other
side."I
want to see you, Lord, manifested in
my presence and you becoming more real
to me. And that is
fun. Folks, we're going to spend an
eternity, and I just want a glimpse of
eternity. I want to see the golden
streets and all
the things that he has prepared for me.
I want to see that. I hear you,
Lord—the
thunder. I don't know if that's
picking up across the airwaves, but it's
loud here.
Glory to God. That's fun. The glory
of the Lord. Arise and shine. People
say, "Well, we lost the election. What
are we going to do, Brother
Brandon?"Arise
and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord is risen upon
you. This is time for the young Davids
to take the land. Not shrink back and
go, "Well, we're moving. We're going to get
out of here."If God's called you to be
there, be there and be the David and
take the head of that
giant. God is looking for the people
that will have a backbone like a crowbar
right now, that will say, "Send me, here
am I, Lord."That means there
are
millions of people that are about to go
to hell in Canada. They all voted wrong.
Do you understand? So there has to be
some righteous men and women there ready
to be used as a conduit of the glory.
Let that electricity fire, the Holy
Ghost fire, flow through you
like a metal
rod. Lightning strikes
metal. Be the metal rod for the glory to
hit. Take it to the people in your
neighborhoods because I'm telling you
right now, they're about to see
something that they never thought they
would see because they voted with a
reprobate mind. Yeah, I believe the
election was rigged in your country, but
they couldn't rig it if there wasn't
so much of a turnout for the
wicked. Does that make sense? You can't
rig something where there's
a majority going that way. If everybody
would have gone with
the good guys, then it would be
way too big to rig, just like it was
in America. But if you have a bunch,
you can hide the numbers a little
bit like they did in
2020. It becomes too hard when you catch
their hand in the cookie jar, you know?
And that's what happens a lot. Their
hands get caught in the cookie jar if
you find them. And there has to be an
outcry of the people saying enough is
enough. You are not
doing this. I saw people rioting in
the days ahead because of the decisions.
When's the rioting going to take place?
When you see the decisions they're about
to make to oppress
you, when they try to take your freedoms
away on a greater
level. Some people will rise up and say,
'Oh no,'like it was with your truckers
whenever they blocked you during COVID,
took away your
trucking, and blocked your bank
accounts. People rise up and they had
truckers. Remember that? If you do,
Canada, you remember your
truckers. It's the same kind of thing.
There'll be an
outcry. There'll be people saying, 'We
want to leave and we'll become the 51st
state. We're out of
here.'Remember,
watch the days ahead.
It's going to be very
interesting. So, let's pray together and
be that lightning
rod that the glory runs through. I want
to be used for Jesus and that He is big
on the inside of me in these days ahead.
Going to a lost and hurting nation.
People that are lost, they need us now.
The earth is going to be groaning for
the manifested sons and
daughters—for
the manifestations of the sons and
daughters of God. Watch what happens.
The earth is going to start
travailing deep
within. Lord, we take this body in the
name of Jesus and we lift it up before
You and we thank You, Lord, that You were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon You
and with Your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. And we receive that by faith,
Father. As we take this body, we receive
it by faith. We receive everything You
have for us, and we receive it right now
in
Jesus'name.
Now, Lord, we make much of the
blood and the blood makes much of us. We
take this blood right now in the name of
Jesus and we thank You, Lord, that Your
blood is covering our families, our
houses, our finances. We put a bloodline
around our house. We put a bloodline
around our car. We put a bloodline,
Father, where the blood is applied,
Satan cannot cross. We apply the blood
of Jesus over our families today. And I
say thus far and no further, Satan, you
cannot touch my children. You cannot
touch my wife. A curse without a
cause cannot stand. We have no cause.
Why is there no
cause? Because of the blood. The
blood causes no
cause. The curse without a cause cannot
stand. The Bible says a curse without a
cause cannot. Why? Because of the blood. I go
underneath that blood.
There is no cause. I am made righteous.
I am made whole because of You. I am
a joint
heir with Jesus Christ. I'm seated with
You in the heavenlies, far above all
principalities and powers. Do you
understand? We are seated with Him. He
pulls up a chair right beside Him
and
says, 'Sit down, buddy. Sit down,
sister. Sit down,
son.'Whatever.
I said, 'Yes, Daddy. I'm
here. I'm your son. I'm your daughter.
I sit with
You according to Ephesians.'But it was
only by this blood that made you able to
do
that. The
blood speaks for me at that mercy seat
and the courtroom of heaven. Jesus,
I plead the blood over my sin.
Thank you, Lord, and that I will escape
the wrath to come. And I thank You,
Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ
right
now. Thank you, Lord,
that I'm
free. Thank you, Lord, for he whom the Son
has set free is free indeed. Glory to
God.
Thank you, Lord, for
You are good and Your mercy endures
forever. And we come boldly into Your
throne right now. And we get ready. We will
intercede and pray for our lands,
that Australia will vote right and South
Korea will vote right. There are so
many other elections; people give me a
list all the time. Email us: 'Will you pray
for this country? Will you pray for
that?'We
believe that God's going to turn your
nation around. You have to believe it.
Even whenever I see in a vision that
Canada is going to go the way that it
did, I still believe and pray. It's our
job to pray. We're going to pray even if
I see it. Oh, and I found
out—the
Lord showed me because I said, 'Braden, when does
Jerome Powell—when can we get rid of
him?'and
it's May of
2026. And I was like, 'Oh no, we need him
out of here this year.'But Trump can't
fire him and it's just like I thought. So
we hear You, Lord. The earth
is shaking.
You know, what do you say we
just pray that God convicts Jerome
Powell
and that they fix our economy as
best as we can, and that things go as
best as they need to go right now with him
in there? I don't know what
to say. I'm just like, 'Oh my
goodness.'This
whole thing is like one
of those sitcoms or TV
shows. So, if you remember what I
said—the
earthquakes. There's so
much pressure going on in the earth
right now that I saw relief points in
the volcanoes. The lava,
the magma, and all the things that are
going on underneath the
surface—there's
a releasing point and that will
happen in Italy. I saw
in a vision another major
eruption coming to
Italy, releasing points with
volcanoes because of the pressure that's
going on in the
earth's crust. And this is a time of
great shifting. There
are
things that are happening with the
pressure on the earth for some reason
that the Lord showed me. We will have
major earthquakes and there'll be
volcanoes starting to go off as release
points because of the pressure in
what's going on underneath the soil.
Not just on the ocean floor, but
you'll see it in
civilization, right?
Not just in the water, but I'm telling
you, release points, major stuff. And I
saw Alaska. I saw Yellowstone.
Yellowstone, danger zone.
You're going to see major
stuff happen with
Yellowstone. I'm telling you,
the earth is travailing. The earth is
having
birthing pains right now and it's
going to show up in the natural. You're
going to see this. So, I just wanted to
let you all know: Japan, a major
earthquake, a major volcano. Watch in
the days ahead. Great shaking is about
to take place. All right. Well, let's
pray. And I'm just going to pray in the
spirit. I prayed in English in the last
video for the people who don't pray in
the spirit. And so in this video, I'm
trying to do like every other video,
trying to be accommodating to all the
other beliefs that want to pray
but
they only understand English. And
you can't translate tongues in
the AI. So Braden says for those
people, it's very hard to translate
those videos. So I do
them
back-to-back; I try to flip it around for
people. I get more out of praying in
tongues than I do in English. And so,
I appreciate the people who want to
stick around that know how to pray and
pray with me in the spirit. Okay. So,
we're just going to pray for a minute.
I'll see where
the Holy Spirit goes. If we don't
go
anywhere,
whatever, I just
follow Him. I'm at His
command. 'What do you need me
to do,
Father?'Okay.
So, Father, we just give You
praise and glory and I yield over to You
if there's anything You want to show us.
If there's anything that needs to be
done to help, we
yield and we have
anticipation that we are able to do
something huge for You today, Lord.
Thank you,
Father.
Father, you are the
leader. You lead the
dance, and we'll follow. Father, I thank
you, Lord. You
lead, we
follow. It's a dance.
I heard him say, 'It's a dance,
Brandon. It's a
dance.'I'm
seeing
Germany
right
now. It's what's going on in Europe
right now. It's all about Europe right
now. Lord, I'm all in
Europe. I'm
seeing all of Europe and all of the countries
in Europe.
I just saw a flash before me: 'World War
III'in
black letters written
across Europe.
Now I'm seeing France stand out.
I see France's
flag. I see
Macron.
Press into that.
Our tongues are going around
this World War III thing. I see
France and Germany
standing out.
The Lord
said, 'Camp
here.'And
I just heard, 'NATO,
NATO.'It's
almost like troublemakers, huh?
Don't pick a fight.
Now, this is interesting. I see
Ukraine, but I see a
bundle of hay-like substance
with a
white cloth around it, and it's
pointing towards
France. It looks like grains of wheat
tied with a knot.
I see
the whole wheat
stems pointed in a bundle,
and
it's coming out
of
Ukraine
for wheat crops.
I know it's more than that.
He said, 'Don't look at
the representation of
that.'It's
symbolic.
I see Obama's face, but it's
faded out.
It
was up north by
Warsaw.
He was becoming
translucent,
not
a strong presence anymore.
The Lord said, 'Less
influence.'Now
I see Trump and he's bold.
He has
red, white, and blue on,
like Uncle Sam, with
a
blue jacket
and
a pinstriped
shirt.
He's on a plane.
I hear the word
'diplomacy.'The
past administration
is fading
away, and
this new
administration
is
coming in
with
diplomacy. There was trade
pointed
toward France with wheat.
Now I'm seeing fish
filleted for eating in
Ukraine.
I'm hearing
minerals
and
deals being struck.
I
see
President Trump making deals. I see
Kiev. I see
diplomacy,
bringing up the mineral deal,
bringing up
earthen
things: earth, sea,
fish, and wheat. I see economy
and
an infrastructure of economy.
NATO.
I'm hearing 'Art of
the
Deal.'I
see Russia
provoked,
extending
into North Korea and China.
They're
like two brothers back
there.
North Korea, China, and Iran
are
forming
stronger alliances.
Russia is a middleman
for
these
others.
There's
a dividing
line between
Russia and NATO, and
Trump is the negotiator in the
middle
riding on an
eagle.
There
will
be deals struck in the days ahead. deal struck.
deal
struck.
Pray
for peace.
I see a storm on the
horizon
with
Putin playing a hand
of cards:
poker. A
five-card
draw.
He's
playing with a poker
face.
He's hiding behind the cards.
He wants the whole
thing,
the old
USSR, not settling for what they're going
to be given.
He
wants
to
annex land
and
have
access to the
water.
He's
waiting to see after Trump
leaves.
Negotiations, like treaties.
The Art of the
Deal.
Now I see
Israel
and
the
Temple Mount being negotiated. I see
the third temple being negotiated.
It
will be
rebuilt in exchange
for peace.
There's oil in the
Mediterranean. I
see 'oil'written
across the
coastline of
Israel
in
black
bold
letters
with an oil
derrick.
At this very
moment, a peace deal is being
negotiated
behind closed doors.
Saudi
Arabia is involved.
I see him, and he is behind
over here. He's over here and he is
involved.
Iraq—a
springing forth of
a new time, a dawning of a new
time. You will see
Iraq; a fountain of wealth will come out
of thee, for things are being dealt
with:
corruption in your government
and new leaders in your
government. You'll see
a springing up in the CBI, a
new changing of
tide.
Basra will be one of the key
figures in the end
time. I see Iraq and its
Babylon,
also
great oil wealth. There
are
great things there: financial
wealth. Corruption
is
just like they're
pillaging and raping the people of
finances,
stealing
the money out
of there, and there's going to be an abrupt
halt. This is attached to
Iran. Key financial people in Iran are
doing
this, but a
Babylon will rise;
a stronger Middle
East. You're going to see a stronger
Middle
East,
a stronger front.
Remember the
Mahdi.
It's the prelude, the precursor of
influence with the world's economies—a
pre-birthing
of the
Antichrist agenda, an Antichrist
spirit. Financial influence
comes from this area; it started
in this area and it will end in this
area. I hear the Spirit
of the Lord say: 'An arising of the Middle
East.'You
will see this in the days ahead:
trillions of
dollars coming up out of that area.
Many people look at it as
being
Western or Eastern with China. Watch
this
area,
the
BRICS.
A lot of metamorphosis and change is coming. A lot of
change is
grabbing onto crypto.
You'll see
new banking
and
a different
thinking with the
Arabs. I see
oil
and
gold.
A great
influence will start to
materialize in the Arab
nations. Watch this: an uprising of
economy
influencing the world
stage. In this chess match, key plays are going
to be made. Watch in the days ahead
for
an uprising coming out of the Middle
East, set on the center
stage, giving this one
person key
power. Watch an alliance with the Middle
East,
a
brotherhood knitting them together,
forming this evil
empire.
You're going to see more
about this Antichrist very soon. An
uprising out
of the Middle East
will influence Africa
and
go down
into Venezuela, trying to interfere
in
South America. It tries to have
tentacles,
preying
upon the weaker. So
watch
Iraq. I still see Iran like
an
unwanted
stepchild
shrinking back; they're not as
strong in this alliance. I don't
understand why with Saudi
Arabia—it's
like Saudi Arabia doesn't like these
people, but they're still Muslims.
I see Saudi Arabia
reaching out to certain
ones
like a bloodline thing.
I'm not familiar with the
Muslim faith, but I'm telling you
what I've seen. It goes
through all the Arab nations. The
United Arab Emirates—I see their name
right now, bolded out.
The
Lord
is
showing me the UAE,
Jordan, and all this area
becoming more. Now I see
Syria and a brotherhood with Syria;
he is like the wounded
brother. They will try to pump money
into this leader
to make Syria
strong. But there's darkness in
Syria. Turkey is
involved.
Syria
is
like a
person who has been wounded fatally on
the
right side; I see the right leg
almost like it's blown off and they're
walking with a
crutch.
Egypt:
a United Islamic Front.
Watch.
And he's the puppet
master. Watch
MBS,
Muhammad bin Salman. Thank
you, Lord, for
all
that you show
us, these beautiful treasures
and
visions.
I
honor
you,
Lord;
you are
the potter, I am the clay.
I humble myself before you, Father, that
I am a vessel you can speak
through.
I thank you,
Lord, that we can change things through
prayer
as the
mysteries of the future are unfolded to
the watchmen
on the
wall.
He is
good.
I have to process
everything now and make
sure I have it all written down. Braden
is my scribe; he keeps
everything
upright.
China,
everything—we
went all over the world today.
The great mystery Babylon is about
to be judged.
Iraq is about to rise from the
ashes. I
saw green palm trees
flourishing,
vast oil wealth,
buildings, and
infrastructure—mega
buildings being built, skyscrapers similar
to Saudi Arabia.
I'm talking about
a complete infrastructure
change and a rising of the
economy, becoming a world stage
alongside Saudi Arabia with new
leaders getting rid of corruption
tied to Iran. I saw
Iraq rising like a world power.
I'm talking about a
distribution of wealth to the citizens.
Big money is
going to come out of Iraq.
There's going to be a
stabilization.
But Iran is still in the background,
just so
cantankerous.
Don't forget:
watch
the Middle
East. Watch what happens in the days
ahead with the Middle East, with Israel at
the forefront. Peace
agreements—things
will happen. Watch for the Third Temple
and
great oil wealth out of the
Mediterranean. The Middle East: it
started there and it will end there.
That's what the Lord says.
Hallelujah.
God, we give You glory, honor,
and praise. Hallelujah. For
it started there in the Garden
and it will end there.
Hallelujah. Glory to God. The days
ahead are bright—bright for the body of Christ and bright
for the
remnant.
Trump will fulfill what I've called
him to
do. He has a lot of work to do and he must
have a lot of prayer. The Lord says over
the next four years through this
channel—I
hear the Spirit of the Lord
say, 'You must bathe Trump in prayer, for
he has much to
do.'The
Art of the
Deal—he's
setting the pieces
up. What a time to be living in.
Hallelujah. Well, if you're new here
and you've never been to one of my
videos, I know it's different, but we
just flow with the Holy Spirit here.
That's what we do. We flow with the Holy
Spirit and we appreciate you being here
and praying with us. I know it's kind of
different, like I said, but the best is
yet to come. We appreciate you being
here. If you
haven't already, please like, subscribe,
and
click the notification
bell. And that's basically it today.
I feel released. I appreciate you being
here. I don't even know how long that
went—I
know it was a long
video—but
praise the Lord, it's what He wanted
done. And like I said, if He wants to go
two hours, He can. So, God bless you
all. Put a smile on your face and a song
on your heart. Jesus loves you so much
and we love you. God bless you all and
we will see you again soon. Bye-bye.